backport metrics updates (#4280)
camunda/camunda-docs: versioned_docs/version-8.2/self-managed/zeebe-deployment/operations/metrics.md

keywords: ["backpressure", "back-pressure", "back pressure"]
---

> When operating a distributed system like Zeebe, it is important to put proper monitoring in place. To facilitate this, Zeebe exposes an extensive set of metrics over an embedded HTTP server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When operating a distributed system like Zeebe, it is important to put proper monitoring in place. To help with this, Zeebe exposes an extensive set of metrics over an embedded HTTP server.
```
Is facilitate too 'wordy'?
